Colombo             	Kandy               	115                 	Van                 	1200                	4500                	12.5                	2000                	1500                	1200                	7200                	2.5                 	39.13               
Kandy               	Galle               	230                 	Truck               	3200                	8200                	24.0                	3840                	2600                	2000                	13440               	5.0                 	36.00               
Galle               	Jaffna              	405                 	Lorry               	5000                	13000               	45.0                	7200                	4600                	3400                	25200               	9.0                 	32.10               
Jaffna              	Colombo             	395                 	Van                 	2500                	9100                	38.0                	6080                	3600                	2600                	17600               	8.5                 	32.40               
Colombo             	Kurunegala          	94                  	Lorry               	1500                	5200                	11.5                	1840                	1300                	950                 	8160                	2.0                 	37.23               
Kurunegala          	Anuradhapura        	120                 	Truck               	2000                	6200                	15.5                	2480                	1600                	1100                	10400               	2.8                 	35.00               
Anuradhapura        	Trincomalee         	110                 	Van                 	1000                	3800                	12.0                	1920                	1200                	900                 	6500                	2.3                 	34.54               
Trincomalee         	Batticaloa          	110                 	Truck               	1500                	5200                	12.0                	1920                	1400                	950                 	8600                	2.5                 	36.00               
Batticaloa          	Hambantota          	300                 	Lorry               	3500                	9800                	31.0                	4960                	3200                	2100                	15800               	6.8                 	32.66               
Hambantota          	Matara              	55                  	Van                 	800                 	2700                	6.2                 	992                 	800                 	600                 	3900                	1.2                 	35.45               
Matara              	Galle               	45                  	Van                 	750                 	2500                	5.5                 	880                 	750                 	550                 	3600                	1.0                 	35.00               
Galle               	Ratnapura           	160                 	Truck               	2500                	6700                	16.0                	2560                	1900                	1300                	10200               	3.3                 	33.75               
Ratnapura           	Colombo             	105                 	Van                 	1200                	4200                	10.0                	1600                	1100                	800                 	6800                	2.0                 	34.29               
Colombo             	Negombo             	38                  	Van                 	900                 	3100                	4.5                 	720                 	700                 	500                 	4800                	0.8                 	36.00               
Negombo             	Puttalam            	130                 	Truck               	2000                	5800                	13.0                	2080                	1500                	1000                	9400                	2.6                 	35.38               
Puttalam            	Anuradhapura        	95                  	Lorry               	2500                	7200                	10.8                	1728                	1800                	1200                	11200               	2.1                 	36.00               
Anuradhapura        	Vavuniya            	60                  	Van                 	1000                	3500                	7.0                 	1120                	900                 	700                 	5200                	1.5                 	34.67               
Vavuniya            	Jaffna              	125                 	Truck               	2500                	6700                	14.5                	2320                	1900                	1300                	9800                	2.9                 	35.20               
Jaffna              	Kilinochchi         	60                  	Van                 	800                 	2800                	7.2                 	1152                	900                 	650                 	4300                	1.3                 	35.00               
Kilinochchi         	Mannar              	75                  	Lorry               	1200                	4000                	8.8                 	1408                	1100                	800                 	5900                	1.6                 	34.67               
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                	null                
